# README
Purpose:
	
	
	The purpose of this site is to allow consumers to see the store’s selection of products and services as well as have access to an online store. The site will show, in detailed sections, which instruments and albums are available for purchase online or in store at any given time. In terms of services, the store offers music lessons for consumers of all ages at the physical location which is shown on the website. The music store hopes to bring in potential musicians who want to learn and/or purchase music through this site. Through the online store, consumers will have the option to purchase online and have the items shipped to their address or choose to pick up the items in store. Due to the fact that some of the items such as instruments are fragile, many consumers will benefit from having the ability to order online but pick up in person via the physical store location. Consumers can also acquire information about how to use said instruments through the lesson information section of the site. There consumers can read basic tips for practice and view the many instructors the music store has to offer. Once they find an instructor they feel would be best for them, they have the ability to schedule lesson appointments online.	All in all, the music store hopes to offer a quick and easy way to view information, browse, and purchase anything and everything music. 

Competitive Analysis:


  Music is a much valued activity and pastime that many people both in America and around the world are passionate about. Having people participate in music activities provides a unique opportunity and experience like no other and often times takes people out of their comfort zones. Whether it is singing, playing, or listening music allows for a deep connection like no other. Since there is such a huge effort on music within our society one of the most important things to come from this is  music stores. For someone who is considering getting into the music industry they have many decisions to make and one of the most important decisions being where they buy their instrument from and how they are going to research and look up what and how to buy the item or service that they are looking for. 
Within the Rochester area there are many different competitors within the music industry that include Guitar Center, Record Archive, The String House, and the Bernunzio Uptown Music House. The first thing that I did to research all of these different music stores throughout the Greater Rochester area was to look up their websites to see what they were all about. The Guitar Center is one of  the world’s largest companies of guitars, amplifiers, drums, keyboards, recording, live sound, DJ, and lighting equipment, including more than 260 stores across the country. As for their online website the initial thing that I had noticed while browsing through the site was that they had a lot of information that was thrown out and not as organized as I would like it to be. As for the website itself the boxes below the header seemed to not be as relevant to the information that was being displayed. Another thing that I would change for this website is the color and design that they are going with and also seemed like a very plan template that was used for such a widely known company. I did not really like the fact that the design of each page had changed and the colors were not as uniform. Something that I really liked while looking at the website was how easy it was to find lessons for someone who is unfamiliar with the website and can easily search the closest one to the location that you are nearest to. 
While comparing many different music companies and finding their strength and weakness for them the next one that I came across was the Record Archive, which is also in the Greater Rochester area. Record Archive is a new and used CD, DVD, and record store that has been in business since 1975. The company is a funky company and gives off the vibe of wanting to be back in time in the 70s. For the website, the first thing that I did not like was the fact that it seemed very out dated which I also understand because records are looking to reach the older demographic and are not as likely to be as high tech. The pictures were not high quality, but also showed a lot about what Record Archives looks and gives you the feel of the shop. Something that I did like that was a huge strength of the website was the organization and the easy to use website format that they had. The Nav bar was nice and when you scrolled over what you wanted to click on it turned red and let the user know where the cursor was. When scrolling down on the homepage I liked how the website included events that were going on in the store to try to get more and more people in the store. Overall I think that this website did a great job of the target market that they were trying to represent. 
All in all, there are many different different music stores throughout the greater Rochester area and people who are interested in music have many decisions to make. Whether they are looking to buy a new guitar at Guitar Center or looking to have a Vinyl party with all of their records there are many competitors out there and makes it even harder for our website to be successful. Our website will hopefully reach the target market that we are trying to find and be clear and organized for the users using the website. 

Usability Testing: 


	The usage of the site was successful for all of our usability testers. Each tester was able to click on the different thinks that relocate to a different page. In addition, when making the page smaller and larger, the website design changes. All were able to easily distinguish it was a music store because of the numerous pictures that are available on the site. 
	One eye catching section of our website that was mentioned was the transition of photos below the tabs. The photos are large and rotate on their own or when you click the arrow. Another eye catching users liked on our website was the photos on the side of the site. These photos fill the white space and make it more exciting. Another usability tester really like the look of the bottom of the page. It is clean and brings the website together. 
	One criticism was the logo. The border around the logo didn’t necessarily correlate with the colors scheme within the design. Additionally, the spacing around the logo needs to bit altered. Another critic was the put something pertaining to music at the very top of the webpage. That way people can at first glance realize it is a music store.
  Something that the designers and many users had not noticed was an extra area of white space to the right of all secondary pages if the user were to scroll right. This was due to padding complications with pictures that are included on all pages but the homepage. This was fixed after some troubleshooting. Also, some of the buttons in the sub navigation bars were confusing to some users and the words on these buttons were changed to more clear and concise words. 
  The font of the body on all of the secondary pages was also a source of criticism. The user had said that the font had conflicted with the rough look of the rest of the website. To fix this, several fonts were cycled through for both the headings and the paragraphs. In the end, it was decided that the headings would be a different font from the paragraphs, and although the goal was to make the font go with the rough look of the rest of the site, the fonts remain readable and easy to read when small and packed together for descriptions. Some of the headings on separate pages did not go with the content below it. This was also fixed.
  Overall the website is successful. According to a user, the atmosphere of the website had a “rough” look to it but in a good way. It was clean but not too clean to a point it looked like a formal business page. The look of the website fits perfectly for a music store. 

